# image-streamer-tools
Tools for Image Streamer development and support

developer - Artifact bundles and artifact exercise documentation to aid in learning and developing HPE Image Streamer artifacts.

foundation - Artifact bundle with basic artifacts such as create and empty volume, capture volume as-is and deploy volume as-is. HPE Image Streamer developer best practices documentation.

support - Artifacts to validate installation and operation of HPE Image Streamer. 

whitepapers - White papers to aid in learning and developing HPE Image Streamer artifacts.

LICENSE - Referenced by content in this repository

LICENSE2 - Referenced by grub which is contained in the two golden images in this repository

grub-0.97-94.el6_7.1.src.rpm - Source file for grub contained in the two golden images in this repository

###Golden Image files in this repository:  
This repository includes two very small golden images which just contain a GRUB boot loader, grub configuration and message files. Artifacts for these simple images alow customizable parameters to be set which can be validated in the boot loader display of a deployed HPE Synergy Compute Module.  The following golden images are respectively in the developer and support artifact bundles. 

* HPE - Developer 1.0 - UEFI Test Image - v1.00
* HPE - Support 1.0  - UEFI Test Image - 2016-11-17

The golden images are identical in content and contain the following files
* grub.efi
* grub.conf
* messages.text
 
###grub.efi  
Name : grub  
Version : 0.97  
Vendor : CentOS  
Release : 94.el6  
Summary : Grand Unified Boot Loader.  
Description : GRUB (Grand Unified Boot Loader) is an experimental boot loader capable of booting into most free operating systems - Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, GNU Mach, and others as well as most commercial operating systems.

###grub.conf  
 # (c) Copyright 2017 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP  
 #  
 # Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
 # you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
 # You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  
 #  
 # Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed  
 # under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR  
 # CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the  
 # specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.  
 #  
 # grub.conf generated by HPE Image Streamer  
 #  
default=0  
timeout=10  
color black/green  
title Image Streamer OS Volume deployment demo  
    cat /EFI/BOOT/message.txt  
    pause "Waiting... press key to continue!"  
title Exit  
    quit  
EOF  
 
###message.txt  
 # (c) Copyright 2017 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP  
 #
 # Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
 # you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
 # You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  
 #  
 # Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed  
 # under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR  
 # CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the  
 # specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.  
 
UEFI loader message.txt has been generalized!  
 
EOF  



